teaching math and science is not the
same today as it was even a few years
ago challenges are real larger classes
smaller budget and just not enough time
I believe that technology is extremely
critical the way we communicate the way
we collaborate I definitely feel a
responsibility to keep up with new
technology because kids are picking up
the new technology every day they're
learning it so quickly and it's relevant
to their lives
at the T cubed international conference
we want to create an event we're
teaching with technology it's more than
just using technology it's teaching
first and foremost today this conference
packs more than 20 years of professional
development experience into two and a
half days of learning excitement it's a
forum where the best math and science
educators come together and share new
ways to engage their students with ti
technology I love presenting at the T
cubed international conference because I
like sharing what i've learned with
other teachers the educators that i've
met at TI are really enthusiastic about
learning and teaching and learning for
themselves upwards of 2000 math and
science educators are here many from
around the world there are more than 400
conference sessions and exciting
exhibits TQ presenters are among the
best anywhere so when you come here you
get great sessions from classroom
teachers on how best to use TI
technology you learn about the most
relevant topics today like Common Core
State Standards stem education and
project-based learning and along the way
you may meet some very special people
this year's TQ conference has been like
nothing I've seen at TQ for science the
number of offerings that are available
for these sessions has been phenomenal
TI is doing so many great things they're
really committed to science now we have
science inspired for example there's so
many great activities for biology
chemistry and physics most science
technology sits on a shelf and comes
down only for an occasional lab
experiment we felt students and teachers
deserve better so we're showing how ti
inspired technology puts one-to-one
science learning into the hands of every
student every day in the class lab and
field
I think the thing that's made the most
impact on me is the enthusiasm of all
the people here for helping their
students to see the maths and to get
excited about it just as they are
themselves the ticking conference is
different than others because it offers
a wide variety of sessions not only do
we learn how to use the technology but
we learn how to teach with it the
uniqueness of T cube is the emphasis
obviously on our technology and how our
technology can make a difference in
today's classrooms and more importantly
in tomorrow's classrooms I have
travelled over 3,700 miles to Britain's
conference do I get to meet the best in
the world from other countries that
people are at the cutting edge and I can
take back to my country what they're
doing and making a big payback to theirs
what I'm do we have seven teachers from
my school that are at the conference
this year and they've all had a great
experience they definitely want to come
back next year no matter what kind of
new technology comes along the T cube
conference shows you new ways to connect
math and science for student success we
want your vision to be ours we know your
students do the latest tools and
technologies to understand the math and
science concepts so important to their
future success as you look to the future
of Education we want to continue to be
with you on this quest more than any
other event during the year the T cube
international conference keeps me
connected to what's important in the end
I always return home to teach excited
energized and ready to inspire my
students
you